Apply Now | BRAC University Skip to main content About About BRAC University Mission and Vision Founder Leadership and Management Affiliations Academics Schools and Departments Institutes Centres Offices Programs in Detail Policies and Procedures Institutional Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC) Open Society University Network (OSUN) Admissions Apply Now Undergraduate Admission Postgraduate Admission International Applicants Scholarships and Financial Aid Waiver for Postgraduate Programs Freshman Enrollment Tuition and Fees Other Fees Brochure/Flyer Sample Questions FAQs Research Teaching and Research Student Life BRAC University New Campus Residential Semester Medical Center Office of Co-Curricular Activities (OCA) Office of Career Services & Alumni Relations (OCSAR) Office of Academic Advising (OAA) International and Scholarship Office Counseling and Wellness Centre Student Accommodation Dress Code Club Community News News BRAC University in Media Announcements Apply Now Make a Donation Academic Dates Transport Library Career Faculty and Staff Students Alumni Contact I'm looking for: Choose from list Undergraduate Postgraduate Diploma and Certificates Find your Program: Select and Interest Anthropology Architecture Biotechnology Business Administration Economics Electronic, Electrical Engineering English Information Technology Law Mathematics Microbiology Pharmacy Physics Select and Interest Biotechnology Business Administration Childhood Development Economics Education Electronic, Electrical Engineering English Governance and Development Information Technology Management Procurement Public Health Select and Interest Childhood Development Education Management Procurement Contact Information for Assistance If you encounter any difficulties, please contact us at admissions@bracu.ac.bd or +88 09638464646 (Ext. 1651,1652,1653,1654, 1655) You can also click here to submit detail information Undergraduate Programs BRAC University offers a broad and diverse selection of undergraduate programs, designed to provide students with the flexibility to align their academic pursuits with personal ambitions and career goals. Our programs emphasize a broad-based education, fostering critical thinking, creativity, and problem-solving skills across various disciplines. Whether one is interested in the arts, sciences, business, or technology, our undergraduate courses ensure a well-rounded education that equips you with both theoretical knowledge and practical skills. View Postgraduate Programs Our comprehensive range of postgraduate programs at BRAC University are tailored to equip students with advanced academic expertise and specialized skills. These programs foster intellectual growth and professional excellence, helping students excel in their chosen fields and making meaningful contributions to industry, academia, and society. View Postgraduate Diploma BRAC University’s Postgraduate Diploma programs are specifically designed to offer professionals, practical, hands-on knowledge and advanced skills in niche areas. Unlike full-length postgraduate degrees, these diploma programs are shorter in duration, making them ideal for those looking to quickly deepen their expertise or transition into new industries. They ensure a competitive edge in today's dynamic job market by focusing on applied learning in specialized fields. View Certificate Courses Our certificate courses, offered through various schools and institutes, deliver focused, targeted training in specialized fields. These courses, typically ranging from a few weeks to several months in duration, are ideal for professionals seeking to sharpen their skills or explore new areas of interest. With a blend of theoretical insights and practical applications, certificate programs provide an excellent opportunity for skill enhancement in a time-efficient manner. View Short Courses BRAC University’s short courses offer a fast-track to skill acquisition in specific disciplines. Typically lasting from one day to several days, these courses are tailored for professionals or individuals with limited time, providing concentrated learning experiences. They help participants quickly gain new expertise, improve current skills, or explore new professional interests in a brief, focused timeframe. View Visiting Programs Our visiting programs welcome both local and international students as well as professionals to engage in specialized courses and research opportunities. These programs allow participants to collaborate with BRAC University’s renowned faculty, experience the vibrant campus life, and immerse themselves in a unique academic environment, all while gaining valuable cross-national exposure. Proceed to Apply Exchange Programs BRAC University’s exchange programs provide students with the unique opportunity to study abroad, offering immersive experiences that foster both academic growth and cultural exchange. These programs allow students to engage with diverse educational systems, collaborate with international peers, and broaden their global perspectives. By participating in an exchange, students not only enhance their academic and professional skills but also develop cross-cultural understanding, adaptability, and a global outlook—qualities highly valued in today’s interconnected world. Proceed to Apply Search form Search Search × × × × × × Choose Your Application Type Domestic Applicant For Bangladeshi students who wish to apply as domestic applicant. International Applicant If you are applying as a non-resident, click here to proceed with the international application. × Choose Your Application Type Domestic Applicant For Bangladeshi students who wish to apply as domestic applicant. International Applicant If you are applying as a non-resident, click here to proceed with the international application.